In the next lecture, we will be using the Lombok annotations on your entity classes, once we have that
will be able to use getters, setters and constructors which are generated by Lombok on the fly.
For that, we need to have Lombok support for our project.
We have already added the Lombok support and it will work great.
When we run the application, but for the ide spring tool suite doesn't know about these Lombok
generated
getters, setters etc, that is where we need to install the Lombok plugin.
So the Lombok plugin is different for different IDEs.
The easiest way to install it for spring tool suite is to go to help click on, install new software
and launch your web browser, do a search for Lombok spring tool suite.
So depending on the IDE you are using, just use Lombok Spring Tool suite or Lombok Eclipse.
You will end up going to this website, which is Project Lombok dot org.
Set up eclipse.
That's the page it will take you to click on that, and they have very simple documentation to follow.
There are two ways to do it.
One is to download the Lombok Jar file and run Java Hyphen Jar that jar file or even easier.
The second way what you see right here via Eclipse Plugin Installer Copy this link.
This is the link to the Lombok plugin.
Once copied, go back to the spring tool suite on this here.
Paste the website and click on Add.
Paste the website in this location here and then say, Lombok, that's the name I'm giving to it.
So I have copied and paste it the url right here in the location.
Then I have clicked on name or I have given it a name called Lombok.
Add as soon as you do that, it will fetch this Lombok.
Plug in for you have been doing it for quite some time thats the reason it's already loaded for you,
it will take a few seconds to load this guy select it
Click on Next.
That will pull all the dependencies and requirements to install Lombok.
Click on Finish that will do the installation for you will have to accept the license agreement.
As i said,i have already installed it.
That's the reason it didn't ask me for a license agreement.
In your case, it will ask you for a license agreement.
Click the radio button.
Once you do that, it will install the software, as you can see bottom right here at the bottom.
It is doing the installation in my case once the installation finishes.
If it asks you to restart the IDE, go ahead and restart it it.
I suggest you restart your IDE and then you will be able to use Lombok in your application or IDE
when you use the Get Etc. in other classes.
They will work without any compilation issues.
Just the Lombok annotations will be used by your IDE and you'll be able to use the getter setter constructors,
etc. for these classes.